Document new saucectl npm dependencies feature (#1298)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/web-apps/automated-testing/cypress/yaml.md

    "@cypress/react": "^5.0.1"
```
---

### `dependencies`
<p><small>| OPTIONAL | ARRAY |</small></p>

Specifies any npm packages that are required to run tests and should, therefore, be included in the bundle.
Unlike `packages`, which installs dependencies on the VM, the dependencies specified here have to be already installed in the local `node_modules` folder. These dependencies, along with any related transitive dependencies, are then included in the bundle that is uploaded to Sauce Labs.

If you have already been including `node_modules` in your bundle, then this feature will help you speed up your tests by reducing the amount of files in the bundle. A smaller bundle will upload and extract faster, which speeds up the setup on the VM, facilitating a faster test feedback cycle.

Take note that the syntax is different from `packages`. It's a simple **list** of dependencies, without the need to specify the version.

```yaml
npm:
  dependencies:
    - lodash
```

> To use this feature, please also ensure that `node_modules` is not ignored via `.sauceignore`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this feature, make sure that `node_modules` is not ignored via `.sauceignore`.
```
